Fix invitations README.md (#5952)
owncloud/ocis: services/invitations/README.md

Note to use the example json, set the `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID` setting to `invitations`, though any other client ID can be configured. 

Importing this example into keycloak will give you a realm that federates with an LDAP server, has the right
clients configured and all mappers correctly set. Be sure to set all the credentials after the import,
as they will be disabled.

The most relevant bits are the mappers for the `OWNCLOUD_ID` and `OWNCLOUD_USER_TYPE` user properties.

## Backend Configuration

After Keycloak has been configured, the invitation service needs to be configured with the following environment variables:

* `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_BASE_PATH`: The URL to access Keycloak.
* `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID`: The client ID of the client to use. In the above example, `invitations` is used.
* `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET`: The client secret used to authenticate. This can be found in the Keycloak UI.
* `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_REALM`: The realm where the client was added. In the example above, `ocis` is used.
* `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_USER_REALM`: The realm where to add the users. In the example above, `ocis` is used.

> * `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY`: If set to true, the verification of the Keycloak https certificate is skipped. This is not recommended in production enviroments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `INVITATIONS_KEYCLOAK_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY`: If set to true, the verification of the Keycloak HTTPS certificate is skipped. This is not recommended in production environments.
```

## Bridging Provisioning Delay

> Consider that when a guest account has to be provisioned in an external user management, there might be a delay between creating the user and being available in the local ocis system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider that when a guest account has to be provisioned in an external user management, there might be a delay between creating the user and the user being available in the local Infinite Scale system.
```
